			The cultural of ramen
	Three points of ramen:--soup noodles ingredients

	soup

ramen's soul
Many ramen shops are famous for their soup. There are two main types of soup for ramen, one is pork bone soup
(Also known as big bone soup), one is chicken bone soup. Pork bone soup must be boiled for at least 24 hours, boil bone marrow and gum into the soup,
Only when the soup is slightly milky white and emits a light milky fragrance will it be considered qualified. Many shops spare no effort to boil dozens of pork bones into a small bowl of broth,
The taste is fragrant, and often requires a reservation to eat. It is more convenient to cook chicken bone soup, which can be more than four hours. Pork bone soup has a strong taste,
Chicken bone soup tastes lighter.


	noodles


Orthodox ramen is not made by pulling, but knead the flour into dough by hand and smooth it, then fold the dough and cut it into thin strips with a knife.
The noodle maker who passed the kung fu home made the noodles uniform, the width and thickness are the same, of course, it will be particularly tasteful.
Each ramen shop will have its own recipe for making noodles. These unique ingredients not only increase the taste of noodles,
There is also a function to increase toughness.


	ingredients


The ingredients such as basted, dried bamboo shoots and vegetables are indispensable ingredients for ramen. Basted belly into the shape of pig's feet,
After the steaming and boiling process, the original fat and lean pork belly are fused together, becoming more uniform, smooth and tender. Bamboo shoots and vegetables
The dishes are also carefully selected, the fibers are delicate and fresh.



		Features of ramen around Japan

In general, Japanese ramen can be divided into three geographical regions: north, middle and south

	Miso ramen 
It has the best climate, soil, and water in north Japan, representing the noodle variety "Miso Ramen",
The characteristic is the richness of the glycol and the strong taste of soybeans.
The soup head mixes the essence of pork bones and chicken bones, the noodles are rough noodles unique to the cold zone, and the richness of fat is its biggest feature.

	Tokyo normal oil ramen
The ancestor of Japanese ramen, many ramen shops must have this type of ramen.
The soup is made of chicken bone as the main raw material, with kelp to remove the smell of meat, and it is cooked with fish.
It also absorbs the soup fat with lump seaweed, and the overall taste is lighter and not greasy.

	Spicy ramen
The southern part of Japan (Kyushu and Hakata) has a hot monsoon climate in summer
The special spicy powder, hemp but not spicy, will definitely make our stomach rave.



When Japanese eats ramen.it will make a *susu* noise
because of the represent of the ramen's 
delicious flavor
It comes to proof the response to ramen chef.

*Remember don't make the noise deliberately
Because of some people don't like the noise of  *susu*
and make them pissed off.

The end



中文部分:



日本各地拉麵的特色

日式拉麵大抵來說，可分成北、中、南三大地理區，初期開業的型態，
以屋台（路邊攤）的方式來販售，所以至今仍然可在上野、橫濱的屋台街吃到這樣的拉麵。　　　
　　　
北海道 擁有全日本最佳的氣侯、土壤、水源，代表麵種"味噌拉麵"，
特色即在於甘醇香濃，並蘊含大豆強烈的口感，
湯頭混合了豬骨及雞骨的精華，麵條則是寒帶特有的粗獷麵條，而油脂豐富是其最大特色。　　　
　　　
東京正油味拉麵－屬於關東風味，是日本拉麵的始祖，許多拉麵的店家一定會有這一款拉麵。
湯頭是以雞骨為主原料，配以昆布去除肉腥味，再加上和風鰹節一起熬製，
並以塊狀海苔吸收湯脂，整體的口味較為清淡不油膩。　　　
　
日本的南部（九州、博多）一帶，夏季多是較炎熱的季風氣候，其中北海道、
利西里島的麻辣拉麵更是特別，
特制的辣粉，麻而不辣，絕對讓你讚不絕口。
　
—東京拉麵：道地醬油味
—札幌拉麵：鹽、味噌、醬油巧妙調合，加入奶油、雞湯等。
—大阪等關西拉麵：昆布味
—九州拉麵：豬骨、雞肋等長時間熬煮的湯底。
—熊本拉麵：豬骨、雞肋加鰹魚
—鹿兒島拉麵：特產黑豬骨、雞肋、鰹魚加洋蔥紅蘿蔔熬煮成湯底。
—喜多方拉麵：豬骨湯底，以咬勁足的麵及自家手製叉燒為特點。

拉麵的三大要素--湯、麵、具


麵

正統的拉麵不是用拉的，而是以手工將麵粉揉成麵糰後碾平，再將麵皮摺疊以刀切成細條。
功夫到家的製麵師傳做出來的麵條均勻，寬度和厚度都一樣，當然吃起來也會特別有味。
每家拉麵店都會有自己的製麵秘方，這些獨特的配料不僅增加麵條的味道，
還有增加韌度的功能。　　

湯

湯頭是拉麵的靈魂，許多拉麵店都因湯頭而聞名。拉麵有兩種主要的湯頭，一是豬骨湯
（又稱大骨湯），一為雞骨湯。豬骨湯至少要熬二十四小時以上，將骨髓和膠質熬進湯中，
待湯呈現淺淺的乳白色，散發淡淡的奶香味時才算合格。許多店家不惜以幾十塊豬骨熬製成一小碗的高湯，
滋味香濃，常常都需預定才吃得到。熬製雞骨湯則較省事，四個鐘頭以上就可以。豬骨湯味道較重，
田舍風、鹽味等口味偏重的拉麵均以其為湯底；雞骨湯味道則較清淡，適合做為正油等味道較淡的拉麵湯底。

具

具即配料叉燒、筍乾和青菜是拉麵不可缺少的配料，看似簡單，處理過程可不容易。將五花肉捆綁成像豬腳的形狀，
再經過蒸、煮滷的程序，原本油脂和瘦肉分明的五花肉融合在一起，變得更均勻，又滑又嫩。筍絲和青
菜也都是經過細心挑選，纖維細緻又新鮮。　　　　　


